Staring at the Stars

I was lost. Perhaps I wanted to be lost, and that’s why I was. Now, there was no need to hide my feelings. Anyway, all the machines could see through me and automatically guide me to where I wanted to go.

I got out of the car, which was stopped in the middle of the forest, and looked around, and saw a single small blue light. I chased after that light quickly, as if it would color my gray life. For that moment, being with that light became the goal of my life.

It was a star, shining on its own. I spoke to the star.
"Beautiful star in the night sky, how did you come down to this dark reality?"
"I am lost."

And so began the space journey of two lost beings. Past Earth's atmosphere, we encountered the Sun, the most single-mindedly shining existence I had ever seen.

"I wanted to be a presence like that sunlight in my own life and in someone else's life. But I feel like I haven't even become the glittering river that reflects that sunlight."

Circling the Earth a little further, we saw the Moon, the second most consistently bright body.

"The Moon is also an existence that always illuminates my dark and lonely nights. If it weren't for this brilliant moonlight, I wouldn't have survived the nights I stayed up alone after putting the children to bed."
"But the Moon I saw only obscures the blue Earth. Have you seen the desolate and cold far side of the Moon?"

...I hadn't thought beyond the far side of the Moon.

We flew past Earth, far, far away. Past Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune. Only then could I glimpse, even slightly, the order of the universe that had watched, watched over, and would watch over eons of time.

"Star, how old is the Solar System?"
"It is $4.6$ billion years old. Since then, these planets and stars have occupied your skies and made humans dream."
"Dream?..."
"I heard it is the reason that keeps you alive."

Did I also have a thing called a dream?

"I am a star created from the tears shed by other stars for the dead ones. I sometimes descend to the human world as a 'shooting star' to console and embrace those without dreams. But when I met you, I smelled the faint fragrance of a dream from you. That is why I said I was lost."
".....!"
"Don't look so surprised. Right now, your dream is like a candle flame that could easily be extinguished by a baby's breath. But it is still a spark that can be saved, and you will be able to dream again if you look at the glittering things in the night sky every night."
"Then am I... a person with a dream right now? Do I still have a new future?"

The star sparkled, answering in its stead.

"I am lost right now. Therefore, I must leave to find where I intend to go again."
"I, too, I must go."

We each departed to find our own way.

.
.
.

I came home from work and my wife was gone. These days, the world is good, and if you ask the AI, you know everything.
"Dreamy, where did my wife go?"
"Yes, Jaehoon-nim, Seongkyung-nim has left to find her dream. She has gone very far away, but she will return."

If I can see my shining wife again, I too will dream again.

Staring at the shining stars above.